Update Diagram and FileManager API descriptions (#5214)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDiagram/4 Events/requestLayoutUpdate.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Raised after diagram data has been changed and requests whether the UI component should reapply its auto layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raised after diagram data has been changed and sends a request to the UI component to reapply its auto layout.
```

Author: I think, the meaning has changed. Can I write it in the following way?
```suggestion
Raised after diagram data has been changed. Requests information whether the UI component should reapply its auto layout.
```

Reviewer: Requests information whether the UI component should reapply its auto layout. - this doesn't work, can you say it differently? "requests whether should reapply" we can't keep that phrasing

Author: ```suggestion
Raised after diagram data has been changed.
```
